So now we will see that the data of our form, portfolio form, which we will fill from the user, how can we save it in sanity, so we have to do the same thing that we have to create a document and push it in sanity, so now I would like to show you one more thing for this, this is a website in which the documentation of sanity is kind of given,
so this is npmjs.com, so in this you will get everything that these functions are there, like create document, create if not exist, update document, all the functions that are there for sanity, they will be given to you here, so if tomorrow you need any function, then you can see from here, for example, how to create and replace a document, so if you go here, then it will give you this method that this is your document, if you want to create and replace it in sanity, then you can use this function and you can do it,
ok,
and now we will use the same method for our form, what does create and replace do, what does create and replace do is that if the user's document is already closed, then it will replace it, but if that document is not made, then it will create it, that is, suppose there is a profile page for someone, you get the option to edit in the profile page, right, so when you edit, your information changes, how does it happen,
and if a new information is saved in the database, it is edited and replaced with new information, the same thing does this too, if a user's portfolio is form-data, which is form-data, then it will add form data, otherwise if there is form-data and if the user has added any new information, then it will replace it, it is very easy, right, so this is just this, and then there are some more things, create if not exist, which we have used, right, that if there is no document, then it will create it, if there is no document, then it will replace it, so in this way you can do this method, ok,
After that, there is an update option here that you can update.
After updating, there are some other things that you can do.
So now we go back to the code.
So now we complete our handleSummit function.
For this, we will first put a parameter in it, which is called event.
Because here we are going to put the data of the form.
And finally, when we submit the form,
this handleSummit function will be called here.
Where? OnSummit.
So when it will call onSummit, we will store the values of our input fields.
So there we will store the values of those fields.
We will store them in an object named data.
So how will this happen here?
We will use the name here to select the input fields.
And the respective values that we will put in these names,
we will take them as a value that we will be putting in the values.
So what will be our key? It will be our name.
So first name.
And the value you will put in the first name, for example, John.
So John will be its key value.
So in this way, we will be storing it on the key value.
So now what we will do is,
we have put the event in our handleSummit function.
We will want one more thing for this.
When the form is submitted,
our form should not be reloaded.
The page should not be reloaded.
So by doing preventDefault,
there is a functionality called preventDefault,
event.preventDefault.
So we can put that thing here.
So that our form should not be loaded.
That is, it should not be reloaded.
And after this,
now we will put one more thing.
That we will want,
our button loading state,
I will tell you what button loading is.
That state is this.
See this.
When a person will click on the submit button,
this is our submit button.
When someone will click on the submit button,
then what will happen is,
what will happen here first is,
the data that will be filled in the form of the user,
that will go to sanity.
And when that data will be going to sanity,
the document will be being created in sanity,
then it will take some time,
so till the time it is being created,
till then we will show the loading here.
So as soon as the person clicks on submit,
then handleSubmit function will be called.
Right?
Because we have written on the top of the form,
onSubmit.
HandleSubmit function is called.
As soon as handleSubmit function is called,
here we will set its state as loading.
We will set this B loading as true,
so this loading will be shown.
And as soon as the document will be created,
then we will set its state as false.
So as soon as we set false,
then what will happen?
It will come in submit.
You must have understood.
So now what do we do here?
Just below this,
set B loading.
And where did we create this state?
It is created here.
This is B loading.
Right?
So we will set it here.
Here.
Set is B loading.
And here we will make it true.
After this,
now here we will capture the data of the form.
We will capture the data of the form.
Here we make a variable named form.
And in it,
event.target,
means all the values that the user will write,
all of them,
we capture an event in the form.
And here we make a constructor by doing a form data.
And I will tell you what we have to do here.
By doing form data.
And here,
equal to new form data.
And in it,
we put the form.
Now what will happen basically?
What will this constructor do?
That whatever form data is coming here,
whatever form data is coming from event.target,
all those things will go inside this constructor.
Right?
And then after this,
by doing data,
here we make an object.
Now what will this object do?
I will tell you everything now.
And here we put a loop.
We put for of loop.
For let key and value of form data.
What is form data?
What is this?
This is form data.
Whatever form data is in it,
the constructor in it,
whatever values we have,
it will loop them.
Whatever values we have in form data,
All the entries in it,
this thing will loop them.
After this,
whatever entries are in it,
whatever values are there,
right?
Whatever values are there,
we will put all of them inside the data.
Now,
what have we done?
Let's understand it one more time.
What have we done?
We have made a form name variable.
In it,
whatever value we are getting in event.target,
it will be stored in all of them.
Whatever name value we are getting,
we have made a constructor
and we have assigned form to it.
Form data name.
And whatever value is stored in it,
inside it,
we will loop it.
And before that,
we have made an empty object data name.
Now we will loop that form data.
And basically,
we will loop this form data.
And inside it,
whatever key values will be there,
i.e.
what can be the name?
What will be the key value?
In our form,
whatever name is there,
that will be the key.
And whatever value will be there,
the user will write,
that will be the value.
For example,
if we see here,
then our first name,
this is a key.
Right?
Last name,
that is also a key.
After this,
here,
and about,
this is also a key.
So,
these are all the keys.
all these things will be in it,
inside the form data.
Now,
it is looping it.
All the entries in it,
all the things stored in it,
it is looping them.
And it is appending it
inside the data.
It is going to insert it
Right?
So,
it is putting the key
in the data
and it is assigning values to it.
So,
the data,
basically,
our object is being made.
After this,
what will we do?
All the values
that come to us,
so,
we store these values
at one place.
And where
will we store it?
We will store it
in our
form data.
So,
we will store it
inside our
p form data.
We want to see
what values
we have
here.
What is
p form data?
Let me tell you
what is p form data.
p form data is this.
We had made
a state
p form data
by calling it
empty object.
We will store it
inside this.
So,
to store
p form data,
we will go here
and here
we will write
data.
And we have
stored data here.
After this,
we also
have
a
dot
log
and
we
stringify
it.
p form
data.
We have
stringified
it like
this.
Okay.
Once we
see
how it
looks.
And
what
have we
done here?
As soon as
the handle
is submitted,
we have
set our
event
p form entries
in the data.
And then
we have set it
in a state
from the data.
This much
is done.
After this,
the main thing
is to create
a document
of sanity.
Now,
we have
all the data
inside it.
Let's check it
quickly.
Now,
we go to
our
web page.
This is
our
web page,
right?
Now,
we put
hello.
For example,
I put
hello
here.
I put
world.
I
put
how
are you
here.
I put
anything
here.
Here
and
here
I put
web
death.
And
I do
this thing
like this.
Probe.
And
here
I do
this.
I put
three
and here
abcd.
Okay,
we put
this thing for now.
Now,
you will see one thing
that as soon as I click
on the submit button,
as soon as I click
what will happen
that because of
event dot
prevent default,
it will not load
first.
It will not reload,
right?
As you have seen
that whenever you submit
a form,
the page reloads.
But
event dot
prevent default
will stop it from
loading.
Why will it
come?
I told you
because
if you see here,
here
we have set
something like this.
Set is
be loading.
What have we set this be loading?
Prove.
When true is set,
loading will be written.
So,
as soon as the handle is submitted,
be loading is set to true.
So,
it will always be set to true
after clicking submit.
Okay,
then we go back
and
here
put
everything
and finally
we will open the console
and see after this.
So,
here we make the console
a little smaller
and now
let's go here and click on submit.
As soon as we click on submit,
loading is written here
and
whatever
data we have here
is basically
coming here
and right now
the p form data
is coming here empty.
Why is it coming empty?
Let's check it quickly
and
here
I
go back
and
let's check
why the data is empty
here
is showing.
So,
let's go back
and
click on submit.
Okay,
now
here
you can see
that here
basically
now the data has come here
so,
it takes a little time
whatever data is coming
so,
as soon as we click here
the data has come here
and
when I click one more time
it has come again
so,
the data is coming here
the whole data is coming
that
first name is coming
last name is coming
and
we are getting
everything here.
Okay,
this means
we are getting data.
Now,
here if we
don't use
p form data
then it will work
because
if we remove
p form data
and directly
use data
console
dot
log
data
and
now
we
go back
okay,
now
we
go
back
okay,
now
we go back
and
here is the loading set
and as soon as I click it
from the office
on submit
you will see that
the whole data has come
all the data
that we have
has come
so,
we don't need p form data
finally
I can say that
we remove the state
of p form data
now
okay
after this
here
this much
we have done
now
we remove it
we need
to create
a document of sanity
and to create
we have seen
how it works
so
for that
you have to
make a variable
by doing a doc
and we have to put
some things in it
so,
we will create
some document
like this
so,
it will be created
here
down
so,
by doing a doc
we made
an object
and in this object
we put an id
you know
it is necessary
to put an id
so,
we want to send
data
in the profile
schema
now
you will think
what is written
in the id
so,
I will tell you
what we have done
here
what we have put
in the first name
data dot
first name
in the data
the first name
key
will go
in the first name
in the last name
data dot
last name
will go
so,
we are putting
values
all these things
in the sanity
before that
let me show you
the schema
so,
our profile dot js
this is our profile dot js
and
I will open it
what are the fields
in profile dot js
user email
first name
last name
profile pic
about
work experience
skill 2
skill 3
skill 4
and then
role
these things
are in our
profile schema
and
in main dot js
we have set
these things only
in the data
and in the data
this key
first name
last name
we have seen this
by printing
this is coming
so,
we have set
these things
and these things
we have already
defined
in our profile dot js
so,
after that
we come to
our profile picture
so,
in profile picture
we have put
something like
preview image
dot length
greater than 0
so,
we remove this
we don't need to put
preview image
review image
and comma
see what we have done
in profile picture
and in user email
I am telling you
what we have done
by objecting the user
so,
basically
what happened
that our
profile picture
is here
where
in preview
we are picking
this thing
suppose
the user
chooses a file
so,
the data url
of that file
will be saved
so,
let me show
data url
so,
I will
roughly
here
somewhere
I will print this
if
field
or
ok
now
let's go
into our
web
page
let's clear
console
here
basically
I do
not
anything
here
I will
like
here
I have
ал
last
screen
is shakes
We will show the same thing here because we have to lock the console in the wrong place.
One minute.
Okay.
And apart from this, we have to lock reader.result not previewImage.
reader.result
The same thing because reader.result is finally set in previewImage.
So we directly log reader.result.
We go back.
And after coming here, we choose another file.
We went here and chose this.
As soon as we choose, you will see how big this data URL is coming.
This data is written here.
And then this very big base64 encoded code is coming.
Very big.
This is basically our URL.
Which is finally created after uploading the file.
So this URL is basically stored.
This URL.
Such a big URL.
Do you understand?
So let's assume.
I was going to show you what happens basically.
Our file is decoded and converted into URL.
And this URL is finally saved.
And this URL shows you the image.
Okay.
But I was showing you this because.
Because the preview image we have set here.
If let's assume.
If someone puts a preview image user.
Someone puts.
So he will get that URL here.
Data URL.
But if the user does not choose any file.
So it is set here by default.
You will get this URL.
Got it?
So here that URL will basically be of the user.
So whenever in the user's portfolio.
We will show the profile picture.
And if he has put any profile picture.
Then the profile picture of the user will be seen.
Otherwise the image of the hacker will be seen.
After this.
Where do we come?
Let's come back here.
Where have we taken the user email?
See.
Now the user email.
Now we know that in our local storage.
User email is kept.
That is verified.
That means it has also been checked with sanity.
We checked it using the use effect.
See.
We checked it with sanity.
So it means that the user email is verified.
Now when the user email is verified.
So we directly take the user email from the local storage.
Now why did we take the user email?
Let's see this too.
We took the user email because.
When we will make the portfolio site tomorrow.
We will show the portfolio site of the user.
So it will be something like this.
I will show you how.
This is the website.
Okay.
See here in the URL bar.
It is written localhost.
As the user will go to slash techy recon.
So here if a user named techy recon exists in our sanity.
So its full data will show here.
With the portfolio website.
Now what is techy recon?
Techy recon is basically an email.
The email from which I am logged in.
That is the first part of the email.
It is not written at the readgmail.com.
So how will we match tomorrow.
That any user of this name exists.
If someone put techy recon in the URL.
So how will we check tomorrow.
That the person named techy recon.
Does he have any portfolio with us.
We will check it like this.
We have taken input today in the portfolio form.
User email.
So when we will check tomorrow.
So we will use it to check.
That if the user email is in the profile named document.
In the schema.
Its first.
The first words that come before the at the read.
If they match with the URL words.
Then show the portfolio in it.
This thing will be clear now.
So we are taking this.
Because we can match it later.
User email and URL email.
The name above the URL.
And we can show it the side of the portfolio.
So for now I will remove it.
And here.
Here we have.
JSON dot parse object.
User object dot email.
Now what is the user object.
User object is our.
Basically what.
Our user object is our local storage.
Now we define the user object once.
So here near the main.
Here we have defined the user object.
Ok.
So we have taken the user info object.
And defined it like a user object.
And we have taken the email from it.
Now we have everything.
Here we know everything.
What we have taken.
What we have done.
Type.
We know the type.
It will be saved in the profile name document.
Now what is the ID.
Now you must be thinking.
Why are we not keeping all that in the ID.
Which we had kept while making the user.
All.
Now see what is there.
Of every document.
Of every schema.
Like the user.
User was a different schema.
Profile is a different schema.
Now.
For both of them.
We cannot use the same ID.
Once we have used the ID in the user.
All.
We have used all as ID.
Now we cannot use the same thing in the profile.
So we have to use something different here.
So what have we done.
We have made a function of string to ask.
Now what it does.
The email of the user.
It converts it to ask.
Where does the user take the email from.
From the local storage.
From the user object.
He takes the email.
And here we have converted it to the object.
Because in the local storage.
This object is stored in the form of a string.
Okay.
Now here the user email.
Basically ours.
In the local storage.
It converts it to ask.
And it gives it as an ID.
Now what is this.
I will tell you.
What is ask?
You will go to the browser.
Search ask.
Ask is the American Standard Quote.
You will see.
For questions.
You will take question after your其实 is answered.
This is a variable to which we have to also translate.
How will we translate this.
We can also use such a,
Sometimes it isToo much which we have applied.
To make it simple.
I have done it.
And every request.
Wait a minute, I think I can see the ACA table here, here one by one, like A, A has been given a value of 65
When we type A in the computer, it by default takes 65 as a number and converts it into a number
Similarly, when we type small, by default, the computer converts it into 97
Because it is easier for the computer to convert the numerical to binary code than the letter
So now just understand that all the letters written in your keyboard, a particular number has been assigned to it by default
And when you type the same number, the same number reads the computer as a memory
It doesn't read A, it reads 97
It reads capital E
It doesn't read A, it reads 65
Okay, so what we have done is that we have converted our code here
We have converted the email of the user, one by one, like t-e-c-h-y-f-g-o-h-n-john-doe-at-the-reads-email.com
So we have converted each and every string into ASCII
Converted into ASCII, that is, into numbers
And we have assigned the same numbers to the ID
Now how will we convert it into ASCII?
It is quite easy
I will tell you
We will go up
And somewhere up here
We will make a function
The function is string to ASCII
We will put a string as a parameter in it
Now we will assign an empty array
By doing ASCII array, we will make an empty array
And all the words, all the letters in the email
In JavaScript, there is a function called character code
There is a function called character code
Basically, there is a method
By using this, we will give each letter in it
And it will convert it into numerical value
And finally, it will be appended in the array
It will be pushed in the array
And finally, we will join the whole array
And it will become a very big number
Okay
So now I will show you by printing it
What is it? How is it?
After this, whatever document we have here
We have made it
Now we will see the document once by doing console.log
console.log document
Now we will see the document by doing console.log
We will go to our browser
And after going to the browser
Here I clear console.log
Here I write hello
Hello world
Here I write anything
logo
hello world
Hello world
You have to put all the values ​​in here
OK
And as soon I submitted it
Our doc here
Which is an object by create
And here all the values ​​come in it
we don't have any profile picture here
so by default profile picture is going to this
we have put something in about
that came
user email is this
user email is from local storage
id is this
i told you that it will convert user email to number
so it converted to number
so it became a unique id
so for everyone it will be a unique id
and type profile
so it became one document
now we have to push this document in sanity
how we will do that
you can see this document
i will show you one more time
here by default profile picture is set
and after that id and all things
ok
after that we go to
code
and
here we
here we will use this method
here we will use this
this
and dot create and replace
i told you create and replace
if document doesn't exist then it will create
and if it will actually exist then it will replace
we have used it for this
if tomorrow if a user
fill new things in portfolio form
then details of his portfolio
will change
and we did the same thing
here we printed id id
and here we did one more thing
set is visible to true
and button loading to false set
now what will happen
when user will click in submit
then
till the time this document will be created
till then button loading will be true
means loading will be written
and as soon as document will be created
then button loading will be false set
and submit will be written
ok
after this set is visible to true
we have set is visible to true
set is visible to true
why we have set it to true
and here i will tell you
what is the state
you will go down
and here
at the very bottom
one minute
at the very bottom here
as soon as
submit button is clicked
then here our
is visible is set to true
now as soon as is visible is set to true
then we have made this div
this div
this div basically
gives the user
the url of portfolio
gives the url of portfolio
now what is the url of portfolio
i have told you
that localhost
slash techydecon
the first word of our email
the first word of our email at the rate
will be our url of portfolio
so this is the only thing
as soon as we click in submit
then we have
whatever is our email in local storage
its first word means
the first word of our email
which is in the 0th index
before the rate
that thing we get here
as a url
and we present it in some way
visit your portfolio
and as soon as someone clicks in this
then he
slash
and whatever is our email
the first word of our email goes in it
now i am understanding
so we save it for now
after saving
we go to our
we go to our web page
now let's see
what we have done
we come here
we have all the details
ok
we click here
and see what happened
as soon as i clicked there
what happened
we got the object
after that
document was created
and here
submit came from there
loading state was false set
and this visit your portfolio
which i was telling you
this thing came here
as soon as you click in visit your portfolio
then you will go to slash techy recon
and what is techy recon
whatever is my email set in local storage
this is it
this is the first word of my email
understood
so this will be the URL for any of these
so we want
the URL of our portfolio site
will be like this for everyone
the first word of his email
will be the URL of his portfolio
so now how will it be
we will tell you in detail
before that let's go and see our
sanity
go to profile
as soon as you go to profile
you will get the data of techy recon
and here everything
everything is set here
now we don't have to do anything
now we just
whatever our
portfolio
what we have done here
we have logged in
filled the form
now we have to start making the portfolio site